# Clould Slicing and Terminal Video Screenshot

In scenarios such as remote education, showroom streaming, video conferencing, remote loss assessment, financial audiovisual recording, and online medical consultation, requirements like evidence collection, quality inspection, review, archiving, and replay often require storing the entire video call or interactive live streaming process through slicing. Based on the need, you can select [Cloud Slicing](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/647/73393) or [terminal video screenshot](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/647/64802).

## Cloud Slicing Screenshot

> **Note:**Cloud Slicing feature area covers both scenarios: cloud-based audio slicing and cloud-based video screenshot.Files generated by Cloud Slicing depend on downstream storage service availability. However, slicing task execution is unaffected. Therefore, performing slicing when the storage service is unavailable can cause file storage failure, but the slicing-related bills are sent normally. If the storage service is unavailable, replace it promptly or disable the recording configuration to avoid impacting the business or generating unnecessary cost.

### Billing Composition

Cloud Slicing mainly includes the following 2 steps, which generate the billing items below:

#### Slicing **Robot Subscription Fee**

When starting a slicing task, the system will allocate a slicing robot as a virtual audience to enter the room, subscribe to the audio and video stream that needs to be sliced, and perform billing according to [audio and video duration billing rules](https://trtc.io/document/42734?product=rtcengine&menulabel=core%20sdk&platform=web).

#### **Cloud** Slicing **Cost**

The slicing robot starts processing after subscription, and billing is performed based on Cloud Slicing. Among them, the price varies depending on the scenario (cloud audio slicing/cloud video screenshot).

### Description

- Any version of TRTC can unlock the audio slicing feature.
- Billing mode: post-payment billing after daily settlement.
- Billing period: settled daily. Cloud Slicing fees will be deducted when the next day billing statement is generated. Detailed billing and billing time are subject to the actual [billing statement](https://www.tencentcloud.com/en/account/login?s_url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.tencentcloud.com%2Fexpense%2Fbill%2Foverview).

### Cloud Audio Slicing Price

#### Billing Formula

Audio slicing fee = Audio segment amount × Audio slicing unit price

#### Pricing

The list price for audio slicing is as shown in the table below:

| Billing Mode | Unit Price (USD/Minute) |
| --- | --- |
| audio slicing | 0.00149 USD/minute |

### Cloud Video Screenshot Price

#### Billing Formula

Cloud video screenshot fee = Cloud video screenshot amount × Unit price of video screenshots

#### Pricing

The list price of cloud video screenshots is as shown in the table below:

| Billing Type | Unit Price (USD/Minute) |
| --- | --- |
| Cloud Video Screenshot | 0.00249 USD/minute |

### Usage statistics

Tencent Real-Time Communication (TRTC) calculates usage statistics based on the duration (measurement unit: minute) of Cloud Slicing service generation under the same Tencent Cloud account within the billing cycle.

### Billing Example

You used the audio slicing feature from October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024. The generated usage during this period was 1,000 minutes. This month's payment of fees is: 0.00149 (USD/minute) x 1,000 (minutes) = 1.49 USD.

## Terminal Video Screenshot

[Terminal Video Screenshot](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/647/64802) is a paid feature service launched by Tencent Cloud Real-Time Communication (TRTC). If you have signed a contract with our sales team, the actual billing information shall be subject to the contract.

### Description

- If your application version is **Pro edition**, you can unlock the terminal video screenshot feature. Other versions are unable to unlock this feature.
- Billing mode: Monthly post-payment billing.
- Billing cycle: Monthly. The billing statement for the previous month will be generated from the 1st to the 3rd of the next month. The detailed billing and billing time shall be subject to the actual [billing statement](https://www.tencentcloud.com/account/login?s_url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.tencentcloud.com%2Fexpense%2Fbill%2Foverview).

### Billing Formula

Terminal video screenshot fee = Terminal video screenshot amount × Unit price of video screenshots

### Pricing

The list price of terminal video screenshots is as shown in the table below:

| Billing Type | Unit Price (USD/Thousand Sheets/Month) | Discount Policy |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Terminal Video Screenshot | 0.03 USD | Monthly free quota is 10 Thousand Sheets, excess usage is charged at unit price. |

> **Note:**The statistical accuracy for the number of sheets is per thousand sheets. Billing is based on the monthly cumulative number of sheets converted to thousand sheets by SDKAppID dimension, with any shortage rounded up to one thousand.

### Usage statistics

Tencent Real-Time Communication (TRTC) calculates usage statistics based on the number of terminal video screenshots (unit: Thousand Sheets) generated under the same Tencent Cloud account within the billing cycle.

### Billing Example

##### Example 1

You used the terminal video screenshot service from October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024. The generated usage was 8 Thousand Sheets.

You have a free quota of 10 Thousand Sheets per month, so there is no need to pay for the generated usage this month.

##### Example 2

You used the terminal video screencapture service from October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024, with a generated usage of 22.3 Thousand Sheets. Your free quota is 10 Thousand Sheets every month. The amount requiring payment of fees this month is: 22.3 (Thousand Sheets) - 10 (Thousand Sheets) = 12.3 Thousand Sheets.

According to the rule of rounding up to one thousand for any shortage, 12.3 Thousand Sheets is rounded up to 13 Thousand Sheets.

The terminal video screenshot fee you need to pay this month is: Terminal video screenshot fee = 13 (Thousand Sheets) x 0.03 (USD/Thousand Sheets/month) = 0.39 USD.


---
*Source: [https://trtc.io/document/64803](https://trtc.io/document/64803)*
