# Processing for Overdue Payments

> **Note:**If you are a customer of a Tencent Cloud partner, the rules regarding resources when there are overdue payments are subject to the agreement between you and the partner.

## Overdue Payments

- The current day's CSS pay-as-you-go daily billing items will be generated the morning of the next day. Bills for the pay-as-you-go monthly billing items will be generated on the first day of the next month. For billing details, see [Viewing Bills](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/36278).
- When your Tencent Cloud account is detected to have an insufficient balance leading to overdue payments, you will receive an overdue notification. You have 24 hours to top up your account. If the outstanding amount is settled within 24 hours, the account will be rectified (with a balance greater than or equal to 0), and CSS will not be suspended. If it is not settled within 24 hours, CSS will be suspended even if the prepaid plan is still available.
- When your account becomes overdue, CSS and LVC will not immediately terminate ongoing live streams or LVC PGM output. They will continue to run and incur costs as usual. To stop using the LVC service, please manually disable the live stream or the PGM (main monitor).
- If your VOD service is suspended due to an overdue payment, the CSS recording feature will be affected, while related service fees will continue to be billed as usual.

## Service Suspension

- If a payment is overdue and the account balance has not been topped up within the required period (account balance is negative) or contains contents that violate Tencent Cloud’s rules or Terms of Service, CSS has the right to automatically repossess the CSS resources under the account within **60 days** after the date of service suspension.
- After your account becomes suspended, VOD files generated by the live recording will become inaccessible, and the screenshots (including the screenshots for porn detection) stored in COS will also be processed according to the [overdue accounts policy](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/10044) of COS.
- If a Tencent Cloud account is suspended for containing contents that violate Tencent Cloud’s rules or Terms of Service, the account cannot be recovered.

## Repossession

- If any account is overdue for over **60 days**, Tencent Cloud will automatically repossess the CSS resources and regularly clear the CSS data and records (of configurations, service logs, client authorizations, etc.) under that account.
- If you want to deactivate the CSS service and clear the CSS data under your account, please contact your Tencent Cloud representative or submit a [ticket](https://console.tencentcloud.com/workorder/category).


---
*Source: [https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/30412](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/30412)*
