# AI Cloud-based Effects

The AI Cloud-based Effects feature of Cloud Streaming Services (CSS) integrates with the AI text-to-video technology to generate a video with special effects from text and send it to the live stream. It is suitable for scenarios with cloud live streaming gift special effects, and falls under paid value-added services, where the generation of a video with special effects from text and the sending of this video are charged a basic fee for value-added features on a per-use basis. Below is an introduction to the value-added feature billing items generated by the use of this feature. For specific prices and billing rules, see the following text.

## Must-Knows

Using the AI Cloud-based Effects feature will incur value-added service fees and [traffic bandwidth fees](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/2819).

## Pricing

| Billing Type | Price (USD/Billing Unit) |
| --- | --- |
| Billing unit price | 0.01515 |

Generating a video with special effects costs 60 billing units, and sending a video with special effects costs 15 billing units.

**The conversion coefficient between the billing usage and the actual usage for the value-added features of generating a video with special effects and sending it is as follows:**

| Value-Added Feature | CoefficientBilling Usage (Billing Unit):Actual Usage (Times) |
| --- | --- |
| GenerateEffect | 60:1 |
| SendEffect | 15:1 |

### Billing Overview

- Billing item: Basic fee for value-added features.
- Billing mode: Postpaid.
- Billing cycle: Daily. The value-added service fee for each day will be deducted when the bill is issued on the next day. The billing details and bill issuance time shall be subject to the actual bill.

### Calculation Formula

- Billing usage = Actual usage × Coefficient
- Value-added service fee = Basic fee for the value-added service × Billing usage

### Billing Example

If you use the feature of generating a video with special effects from text twice and the feature of sending a video with special effects ten times on May 28, 2025, the bill amount you need to pay for using AI Cloud-based Effects on May 29, 2025 will be as follows:

- Basic fee for the value-added feature (Generate Effect): 0.01515 (USD/billing unit) × 60 (billing unit/times) × 2 times = 1.818 (USD)
- Basic fee for the value-added feature (Send Effect): 0.01515 (USD/billing unit) × 15 (billing unit/times) × 10 times = 2.2725 (USD)


---
*Source: [https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/70336](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/70336)*
