# Standby Streams

CSS offers a live standby stream feature that automatically switches to a standby input source when the main live stream is interrupted. When the main stream is restored, it will automatically switch back, improving the audience's live streaming experience during unexpected interruptions. Live standby stream is a paid value-added service. The following is an introduction to the value-added billing items generated by using the live standby stream feature. The specific pricing and billing rules are as follows:

## Must-Knows

- In addition to value-added service fees, the use of standby streams may also incur [traffic/bandwidth costs](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/2819).
- If the duration of a single standby stream is less than 1 minute, it will be billed as 1-minute.

## Pricing

| Type | Unit cost |
| --- | --- |
| Price (USD/Billing Unit) | 0.01515 |

**Ratio of billing duration to actual duration:**

| Value-Added Feature | RatioBilling Duration (Billing Unit) : Actual Duration (Minutes) |
| --- | --- |
| Standby Stream | 1.6 : 1 |

## Billing Details

- Item: Value-added service.
- Billing mode: Pay-as-you-go.
- Billing cycle: Daily. The fee generated each day will be deducted from your account the following day. For the actual fee deduction and bill generation time, see your billing statement.

## Calculation Formula

- Billing duration = Actual duration x Billing ratio
- Fee = Unit price x Billing duration

## Billing Example

A and B, two live streams with standby stream templates configured for their live stream domain names, have switched to standby input sources multiple times due to unexpected interruptions during the period of October 16, 2023. The specific start and end times of the standby streams are shown in the table below:

| Stream ID | Standby Stream Start Time | Standby Stream End Time | Billing duration (Actual duration x Billing Ratio) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| A | 00:00:05 | 00:00:25 | 1 Minute  × 1.6 |
| A | 00:00:28 | 00:00:55 | 1 Minute  × 1.6 |
| B | 00:00:50 | 00:03:49 | 3 Minutes × 1.6 |

- `Live Stream A: Standby Stream Billing Duration = (1 minute + 1 minute) × 1.6 billing units/minute = 3.2 billing units`
- `Live Stream B: Standby Stream Billing Duration = 3 minutes × 1.6 billing units/minute = 4.8 billing units`

On October 17, 2023, the value-added feature fees you need to pay due to the standby streams is:

8 (billing units) × 0.01515 (USD/billing unit) = 0.1212 USD.


---
*Source: [https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/57260](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/267/57260)*
